README.md, before:

# Welcome to My Page.

## PROJECT EXPERIENCE

### [Item Catalog Website](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/item-catalog/) January 2018
- The Item Catalog web application provides a list of items within a variety of
categories. 
- It also provides a user registration and authentication system by implementing third-party OAuth authentication using google accounts.
- Registered users will have the ability to post, edit and delete their own items.
- The project implements a JSON endpoint that serves the same information as displayed in the HTML endpoints for an arbitrary item in the catalog.

### [Portfolio Website](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/fullstack-nanodegree-portfolio/) November 2017
- A responsive website that will display images, descriptions and links to several portfolio projects.
- Coded using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap based on a design mockup provided as a pdf file.
- Used Bootstrap and media queries to make sure it fits on small screens.

### [Movie Trailer Website](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/fullstack-nanodegree-movietrailer/) October 2017
- A web page allowing visitors to review movies and watch the trailers.
- Built server side code in Python to store a list of favorite movies, box art imagery and a movie trailer URL.

## WORK EXPERIENCE

MedSynergies – Software Engineer, Dallas, TX
Liberty Mutual – Software Engineer Boston, MA
Lexalytics Inc  - Software Engineer Boston, MA 

## TECHNICAL SKILLS

	Languages:  Java, SQL, JavaScript, Python, HTML5, CSS3
	Web Development:  JSP, Java Servlets, HTML, XML, XSL, DOM, CSS, ICEfaces, RichFaces, Struts,  JavaScript, Ajax, EJB 3.0,
                    Hibernate, Spring, JUnit, AngularJS,  Android, JSON, SOAP, REST
	Databases: Oracle 11g, DB2, Sql Server, MySQL, SQLite
	Application Servers: IBM WebSphere, Tomcat, WebLogic, Jboss, Wildfly
	Tools: Subversion, ClearCase, CVS, Eclipse, Git, GitHub, Android Studio

## EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION

	University of Massachusetts in Boston – Computer Science, MS
	Udacity - Completing Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree
	Sun Certified Java Programmer and Sun Certified Web Component Developer

Commit message:

docs: Added link to project Log Analysis.

README.md, after:

# Welcome to My Page.

## PROJECT EXPERIENCE

### [Item Catalog Website](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/item-catalog/) January 2018
- The Item Catalog web application provides a list of items within a variety of
categories. 
- It also provides a user registration and authentication system by implementing third-party OAuth authentication using google accounts.
- Registered users will have the ability to post, edit and delete their own items.
- The project implements a JSON endpoint that serves the same information as displayed in the HTML endpoints for an arbitrary item in the catalog.

### [Portfolio Website](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/fullstack-nanodegree-portfolio/) November 2017
- A responsive website that will display images, descriptions and links to several portfolio projects.
- Coded using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap based on a design mockup provided as a pdf file.
- Used Bootstrap and media queries to make sure it fits on small screens.

### [Movie Trailer Website](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/fullstack-nanodegree-movietrailer/) October 2017
- A web page allowing visitors to review movies and watch the trailers.
- Built server side code in Python to store a list of favorite movies, box art imagery and a movie trailer URL.

### [Log Analysis Tool](https://suchitrasompalli.github.io/log-analysis/) October 2017
- Applied SQL skills to a reporting tool that summarizes data from a large database.

## WORK EXPERIENCE

MedSynergies – Software Engineer, Dallas, TX
Liberty Mutual – Software Engineer Boston, MA
Lexalytics Inc  - Software Engineer Boston, MA 

## TECHNICAL SKILLS

	Languages:  Java, SQL, JavaScript, Python, HTML5, CSS3
	Web Development:  JSP, Java Servlets, HTML, XML, XSL, DOM, CSS, ICEfaces, RichFaces, Struts,  JavaScript, Ajax, EJB 3.0,
                    Hibernate, Spring, JUnit, AngularJS,  Android, JSON, SOAP, REST
	Databases: Oracle 11g, DB2, Sql Server, MySQL, SQLite
	Application Servers: IBM WebSphere, Tomcat, WebLogic, Jboss, Wildfly
	Tools: Subversion, ClearCase, CVS, Eclipse, Git, GitHub, Android Studio

## EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION

	University of Massachusetts in Boston – Computer Science, MS
	Udacity - Completing Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree
	Sun Certified Java Programmer and Sun Certified Web Component Developer
